feat: configurable expiration policy on auto-created subscriptions (#2876) (@jmitash) (#2897)
GoogleCloudPlatform/spring-cloud-gcp: docs/src/main/asciidoc/pubsub.adoc

Dead letter topics are no different from any other topic, though some https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/dead-letter-topics#granting_forwarding_permissions[additional permissions] are necessary to ensure the Cloud Pub/Sub service can successfully `ack` the original message and re-`publish` on the dead letter topic.

===== Expiration Policy

By default, subscriptions expire after 31 days without any subscriber activity or subscription

> property changes. A `null` or unset `ExpirationPolicy` will use the default.

Author: Done

> To set the subscription to `never expire`, provide an `ExpirationPolicy` without setting the TTL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a subscription that never expires, provide an `ExpirationPolicy` without setting the TTL.
```

Dead letter topics are no different from any other topic, though some https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/dead-letter-topics#granting_forwarding_permissions[additional permissions] are necessary to ensure the Cloud Pub/Sub service can successfully `ack` the original message and re-`publish` on the dead letter topic.

> ===== Expiration Policy

Author: Done
